fix: add queue-service message to faq section (#546)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/user-guide/FAQ.md

![Latest SHA](./assets/latest-sha.png)

## Why do I get `Pipeline does not have admin, unable to start job.` message?

> If pipeline does not have any active admin, scheduled job such as periodic build will fail. Screwdriver sends this message to slack/email upon job scheduling failure if slack/email settings was set for the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a pipeline does not have any active admin, scheduled jobs such as periodic builds will fail. Screwdriver sends this message to Slack/email upon job scheduling failure if Slack/email settings was set for the job.
```
